

## **Terraform experiments**
This repo intends to show my hands-on familiarity with very recent Terraform code, concepts and underlying AWS resources to go with the theory from the **[Certified Terraform Associate](https://www.hashicorp.com/certification/terraform-associate)** combined with my previous professional experience of working on AWS production architectures with Cloudformation.  

This is a collection of Terraform projects taken from Kalyan's Udemy course 
(https://www.udemy.com/course/terraform-on-aws-with-sre-iac-devops-real-world-demos)
I took this approach instead of writing it from scratch because 95% of the time you will be making improvements to an existing codebase. This will also serve as a reference to come back to later. The way he structures the code is also good.

Although quite a detailed course, some of the modules used are 2 years old, which no longer work when updated to the latest versions as of Feb 2023. This meant I had to understand each module in more depth and refactor the code to work with the latest modules as the inputs, outputs and methodology have changed in most cases. 

I have tried to make the projects as self-contained as possible, so they can be easily validated on any AWS environment, with SSH keys being generated by Terraform, although managing this outside of Terraform using a secrets manager plugin would ideally be better for a Production setup. 


## Setup
Most of the projects should just work out of the box now they have been updated. there isn't much account-specific configuration needed.

Exceptions: 

 - The load balancer projects that require a Route 53 Hosted zone to be entered into `c6-02-datasource-route53-zone.tf` 
 - (the python script I made in `10-ALB-Path-Based-Routing` can be used to detect and replace the r53 hosted zone in the terraform config....good when you are using ephemeral environments like ACloudGuru)
 
 - Projects that use remote state storage, which needs the project in the `SetupRemoteState` folder to be run first to set up the S3 Bucket and DynamoDB table.

The naming convention and file structure should make it pretty obvious what each file contains. 

Each of the folders also contains the very In-depth READMEs that Kalyan has made for each of the projects.  